add new dbt invocation command (#6822)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-commands.md

| [environment](/reference/commands/dbt-environment) | Enables you to interact with your dbt Cloud environment. |   N/A | dbt Cloud CLI <br /> Requires [dbt v1.5 or higher](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |
| help | Displays help information for any command | N/A | dbt Core, dbt Cloud CLI <br /> All [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |
| [init](/reference/commands/init) | Initializes a new dbt project |   ✅ | dbt Core<br /> All [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |

> | [invocation](/reference/commands/invocation) | Enables users to debug long-running sessions by interacting with active invocations.|  N/A | dbt Cloud CLI<br /> All [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |

Reviewer: I'd keep the same as the `environment` command, since if you try to run `invocations` in an environment using earlier versions than 1.5, it will error.
```suggestion
| [invocation](/reference/commands/invocation) | Enables users to debug long-running sessions by interacting with active invocations.|  N/A | dbt Cloud CLI<br /> Requires [dbt v1.5 or higher](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |
```
